Changes/Additions to Developers Section (#121)
archway-network/archway-docs: docs/create/guides/nft-project/start.md

2. [Customizing your token parameters](#designing-your-tokens)
3. [Deploying your token contract](./deploy.md)
4. [Minting and sending tokens](./interact.md)
5. [Building the NFT dapp](./dapp.mdx)

## Introduction

Non-Fungible Tokens, or NFTs are an important part of the decentralized digital world. 

In this guide, we will learn how to write, deploy, mint and transfer our own NFTs. We will also learn how to build a dapp website we can share with other users, so they can also mint and transfer tokens.

> ## Creating your project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Creating your Project
```

In the [Setup](../../getting-started/setup.md) section we learned how to create and configure a new Archway project.

> If you have not created a project before, navigate to [Setup](../../getting-started/setup.md) to learn what to install and familiarize yourself with so you can complete this step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you haven't created a project before, navigate to [Setup](../../getting-started/setup.md) to learn what to install and familiarize yourself with so you can complete this step.
```
